Put your mother's things
How could my invitation be fake?
I am Huahua
What to spend to buy enough
Just to represent you, trash
Don't come back to family gatherings in the future
Husband let's go
Should have gone
What is this trash doing here?
They are all sons-in-law
This trash is not even trash
Or is Tang Jun's brother-in-law promising?
Sister Yun, you have such a good eye.
brother-in-law
Go to Shen Hanshuang's banquet in the evening
Can you take me with you?
No problem really
Brother-in-law, you are so kind
Wei Wu
Didn't you mean the invitation letter from our brother-in-law Tang Jun?
Is it fake?
Keep your eyes open at night and take a good look
How did we get in?
If you can't get in
If we can't get in
I'll kneel down and lick your shoes
But if we go in
You divorce Lin Ziwei
How is it?